Crystal River is one of the places in the world with the most significant concentration of manatees since the warm gulf waters combined with the spring-fed rivers create a perfect habitat. There are rumored to be 100 manatees around the Crystal River Wildlife Reserve all year round. The town offers many attractions centered around manatees, depending on how up close and personal you would like to get with these incredible creatures.
Hiking Havasupai Falls is one of my most memorable travel experiences. I’ve been to Machu Picchu, The Great Wall of China, Chichen Itza, The Colosseum, and The Great Pyramid of Giza, but Havasupai Falls still remains one of the most awe-inspiring locations I’ve ever seen. Havasu Creek is a bright blue-green color that runs through the village of Supai, and ultimately into the Colorado River, at the bottom of the Grand Canyon.
This volcano is one of the natural wonders of the world, but I have not met anyone else who has climbed it. A full-day experience, from Uruapan (the nearest city), is definitely worth it. To climb the volcano, you have to get to Angahuan nice and early, preferably before 9 am. I did this by bus. As I got off the bus, I was met by guides with horses (they literally wait for tourists).
Only a 7-hour drive from Mcallen, Texas, you’ll wonder how this place isn’t all everyone is talking about. Start your trip in the south of La Huasteca in Xilitla. You’ll immediately understand why Edward James decided to build his surrealist garden city here. Walking through his gardens, you’ll feel connected to nature like never before. Continue your journey north and experience true abyss at El Sotano de las Golondrinas (the cave of Swallows). This bird refuge becomes especially noteworthy at dawn, where you can see thousands of birds spiral out of the cave to start their day.
My favorite place in all of Mexico is a city in the state of San Luis Potosi, called Ciudad Valles. It is located in the Huasteca region of Mexico in the mountains. There are tons of waterfalls all around the region with crystal clear blue water, similar to the Caribbean. Cascada Tamul is a magical place to repel down a 300-foot waterfall where there is no one around. This hidden gem is incredible!
Freediving is a unique sport that offers an adrenaline-junkie high while being a healthy activity in nature. You book a beginner course with one of the many certified schools in Mexico, and they take you to deep, blue freshwater caverns, called cenotes, to learn how to hold your breath, control your thoughts and dive deep.
Fire lookout towers can be found in countries where there are remote areas of forest and mountains with good vantage points. In the US, some retired fire lookout cabins can be rented for overnight stays, and those vantage points that are so beneficial in watching out for danger also provide breath-taking views and a stillness that truly embodies ‘getting away from it all. I once stayed in Bear Basin Lookout in the middle of a national forest, overlooking both the Siskiyou Wilderness and the Pacific Ocean.
A superbloom is a rare desert botanical phenomenon in which an unusually high proportion of wildflowers whose seeds have lain dormant in desert soil germinate and blossom at roughly the same time. The phenomenon is associated with an unusually wet rainy season. The term may have developed as a label in the 1990s. Spring in Murrieta, California is complete with the beautiful golden poppies covering the hills. It is a must-see for everyone in California in the spring!
It may not be a household name just yet, but simply utter ‘Cabot Trail’ and adventurers, road-trippers, motorcyclists, and cyclists in the know won’t stop talking about it. There are more than 100 miles of coastline along the official Cabot trail, which rolls through Cape Breton Highlands National Park – an absolute gem. We haven’t even started on the places surrounding it nor the hiking, kayaking, and boating opportunities.
Everyone talks about going to Antarctica, but they forget about the Arctic Circle! In the Northern Hemisphere’s summer, you’ll get 24/7 daylight. You’ll get bizarre, bleak landscapes that are unlike anything you’ve ever seen. There, you can see beluga whales breeding in their natural habitat or bike on frozen sea ice.
People who cruise don’t usually cruise to this location, preferring the Caribbean or the Mediterranean Sea. But the sights on this voyage are so spectacular that it should be on everyone’s bucket list. The ships generally leave from Punta Arenas, a lively little town in Southern Chile that is itself also underrated. This is a great kick-off point to gear up for the cruise. You’ll see Magellan Penguins and dolphins accompanying the Kodiak crafts whisking passengers around the coast and islands. Sailing down Glacier Alley, a mile-long path with soaring glaciers on either side, is also unforgettable.
Shamuico Espai Gastronomic is located in the small village of Saraguro. This village is 2 hours south of Cuenca and 2 hours north of Loja. Samuel Ortega is a community leader and former immigrant; about ten years ago, he went to work in Spain to sustain his family. Since he had good cooking skills, learned from his Mother (meaning he could peel a potato or make a broth ten times faster than regular humans), he was hired at two different restaurants, which happened to be El Bulli from Ferran Adria, and later on at Celler de Can Roca. At the time, he did not even know what a Michelin restaurant was.
Before traveling to Peru, I had never heard of the Colca Canyon, but it is one of my most memorable travel experiences. Home to the endangered species, we arrived first thing in the morning after an overnight trek to spot the majestic creatures. But it’s not just the condors that are breath-taking. The entire landscape is a stunning backdrop to a host of other Andean animals, such as vicuñas, vizcachas, and chinchillas.
Lisbon has become one of Europe’s trendiest cities. But many visitors to the city overlook Sintra, a beautiful UNESCO World Heritage site town located just 28km outside of Portugal’s capital. This fairytale town is unlike any other place you have ever visited. With its eccentric palaces, mismatched architectural styles, and the amazing hills of the Serra de Sintra, a day trip here is sure to leave you speechless.
One of my favorite travel experiences was hiking at Lake Bled in Slovenia. It’s such an underrated destination right now, but it’s sure to explode in popularity over the next few years as Slovenia’s neighbors (Austria, Italy, Croatia, and Hungary) are all booming tourism destinations. Lake Bled is home to a crystal-clear lake with a quaint little island in the middle and surrounded by the Julian Alps. The easiest way to get to Lake Bled is with the hourly bus service from the capital of Ljubljana.
You can get open-water scuba diving certified in Malta. The course takes 4 days to complete and includes classroom study as well as lots of time in the water. Malta is positioned right smack in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea, with warm and clear water, making it a top scuba diving destination. Plus, Malta has shipwrecks, lots of sea life, and coral reefs within the 18 meters limit of the open-water certification. I’d highly recommend it!
When we think of Andalusia in southern Spain, we usually conjure up images of the fairy-tale-like Alhambra palace in Granada or the regal Real Alcazar in Seville. Both of these buildings are indeed amazing, but there is another incredible monument in Andalusia that often goes overlooked – the Great Mosque of Cordoba.
Northern Spain and Southern France have the highest concentration of Paleolithic cave art in the world. All told about 400 caves in Europe contain art from this period, with 350 or so in these areas. Only a very few can be visited, and restrictions continue to escalate. The caves in France are more scattered, with a high concentration in the Dordogne (near Sarlat).
San Fruttuoso is an abbey located in the Portofino National Park in the Liguria region of Italy (Genoa is the closest major city). It sits in a cove roughly halfway along a peninsula, and can only be reached either by water or by foot – there are no roads to the abbey. For the adventurous traveler, this presents a welcome opportunity.
Once such find during my travels in France, which I am so glad I found, is the village of Gerberoy. This village is renowned for its annual Rose Festival. A beautiful timber-framed village with ancient roses dating back centuries. The aroma as you enter the village entices you to remember summers gone by of innocence and childhood.
It feels more like flying than falling. It's very windy, loud, and intense. Your adrenaline is pumping and your senses come alive. Skydiving is quite breathtaking and gives you a refreshing, incredible perspective on the world.
With four theme parks, two water parks and nearly two dozen hotels, you're stepping into the Most Magical Place on Earth — a world full of fantasy and happiness. To get an idea of the sheer size, Disney World covers 40 square miles, which is about the same size as San Francisco.
Never heard of Smothered Mate, Underpromotion or Mate with a Pawn? Time to change that and get yourself into the game.
Tokyo Marathon, Paris Marathon, Boston Marathon... Chose your battle and get into your training shoes.
Classic novels tend to deal with timeless, universal themes. Whether it's the eternal struggle of good vs. evil, the inevitability of death, or the corruptive nature of power, a classic novel should attempt to examine some enduring, immutable truth about the way humans behave.
Suggesting a new record title can be exciting and your chance to be creative. However, don't forget that all of our records must adhere to our record breaking criteria; breakable, measurable, standardisable, verifiable and measured by a single superlative.
Bike Rave is Toronto's original, annual, DIY event that combines lights with synched music while riding through the streets of Toronto from dance destination to dance destination! Everyone covers their bike with lights, streamers, dresses in costumes or whatever and meets at the first meeting location.
Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Antarctica, Europe, and Australia... You should have seen them all!
Hula: a sinuous Polynesian dance characterized by rhythmic movement of the hips and mimetic gestures with the hands and often accompanied by chants and rhythmic drumming. Sounds like fun, right?
You are diving with sharks, an activity that's quickly becoming popular with more than just the thrill seekers. In fact, diving with sharks has become a massive business around the world. For example, in South Africa, a prime shark-diving spot, the country earns about $30 million a year from tourists looking to see sharks up close
Let's complete a 9-week Coding Camp at Le Wagon and finish this experience with an awesome pitch on Demo Day!
